And even more coincidentally, you forgot
So what do we do now?
Do you really want a divorce?
Do you like me?
Well, why are you suddenly asking this?
Last time in front of my mom, you talked about marriage
You have your own ideas.
I want to know what you think.
What ideas can I have?
Of course I want to live a good life with you
Well, and this marriage is no child's play
Then get the certificate today and leave tomorrow.
You know that's not what I want to hear
Fu Siye
I'm a little sleepy, I'm going to rest first.
Don't worry about my mom
I'll take care of it.
And this is the grudge of their previous generation
It has nothing to do with us.
Besides, my dad passed away a long time ago, okay?
What you want
I got it.
The question I asked you
Please think about it before answering me.
Xiaoyan, we have a long time to come to Japan.
I didn't expect you to have this set even after reviewing